# Cheap-Acoustic-Guitars-Worth-Buying
<p>There may have been a time when buying a cheap&nbsp;<a class="external" href="https://best-of-acoustic-guitar.blogspot.com/2020/01/z-ztdm-41-full-size-acoustic-guitar.html" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">best acoustic guitar</a>&nbsp;would have simply been throwing your cash away. They were built from rubbish woods and sounded terrible but nowadays this isn't the case.</p>
<p>One of the most popular acoustic guitars in the world, the Washburn D10S, is one such guitar and that isn't even the best one you can find at a low price. Here are several alternatives to the Washburn that are just as big a bargain and all are under $200.</p>
<p><strong>Yamaha FG730S Solid Top Acoustic Guitar</strong></p>
<p>Whether a complete novice or a veteran player the FG730S offers an amazing playing experience. The feel of it is that of a much more expensive guitar and the sound is also great. It may not be as easy to play as some of the others which is something a complete novice may want to consider but it is a wonderful instrument for the price.</p>
<p><strong>Alvarez RD8 Regent Series Dreadnought Acoustic Guitar</strong></p>
<p>I'd never played an Alvarez guitar before trying the RD8 and to be honest, I wasn't expecting much but this is a great guitar for the price ( under $200 ). It has a clear and full sound that not many $200 guitars can match and is a great purchase for any beginner or for someone looking for a solid second guitar.</p>
<p><strong>Ibanez AEL20E Acoustic-Electric Guita</strong>r</p>
<p>This is the best looking guitar you will find for under $200 but it deserves to be in this list of the best acoustic guitars for under $200 for more reasons than that. The Ibanez sounds absolutely beautiful whether plugged in or acoustic and is a match for many higher-priced guitars available. If you can afford it this has to be considered.</p>
<p>Takamine G Series 340C Acoustic-Electric Guitar</p>
<p>In my opinion, I have saved the best until last as I believe the 340C to be the best of the best acoustic guitars for under $200, in fact in terms of sound I doubt you will find a guitar for less than a $1000 that sounds better. Takamine has produced, in my opinion, the best value for money guitar in the world.</p>
<p>You can find some amazingly high quality&nbsp;<a class="external" href="https://best-of-acoustic-guitar.blogspot.com/2020/01/z-ztdm-41-full-size-acoustic-guitar.html" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">cheap best acoustic guitars</a>&nbsp;and save yourself a fortune without losing out on a quality sound. Find out which are the greatest buys at&nbsp;<a class="external" href="https://best-of-acoustic-guitar.blogspot.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">best acoustic guitars</a>.</p>
